docs: Update contributing docs for release workflow (#128)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Notify the front-end engineering practice (#pract_front_end_eng) of any possible breaking changes
- Notify the QA practice of any possible breaking changes

> **If you're new to Kaizen, please ask the Design Systems Team (#team_design_systems) to set up an onboarding session to get you up to speed.** If you have an urgent PR to merge before that happens, it is safest to ask Design Systems Team to review it to catch any issues.

Reviewer: The `\*` was intentional – there's a * in one of the bullet points above this bit.

`yarn clean`

## Releasing packages

> Automated releases to the npm public registry are triggered for all pull requests containing modifications to one or more npm packages (found in the `/packages/` directory). The information required to determine the version update for each release is taken from the title and content of the pull request.

Reviewer 2: Nice overview 👍

### Release workflow

To release a new package version, create a pull request which **modifies ONLY the package you wish to release**, and satisfies **ONE** of the following:

- If the branch contains multiple commits, the pull request must have a [conventional title](#conventional-commit)
- If the branch contains only a single commit...
  - ... the commit itself must have a [conventional commit message](#conventional-commit), and...

>   - ... (for consistency) the PR title must match that commit message

Reviewer: Wonder if this could be simplified to something like:
```
To release a new package version, create a pull request which **modifies ONLY the package you wish to release**.

- Make sure your PR has a [conventional title](#conventional-commit)
- If there is only **one commit** in your PR, make sure that commit message matches the PR title
```
Will edit.

Once that pull request is merged into master, an automated release will be triggered, and the newly published package version will be available on the npm public registry.

### Semantic Versioning

> All npm packages follow strict semantic versioning (or _semver_). Semantic versioning gives specific meaning to changes in version numbers, as follows:

Reviewer 2: Great clarification of where the behaviour comes from (all npm packages follow semver) 👍

> Given a version number `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`, increment the:
>
> - `MAJOR` version when you make incompatible API changes,
> - `MINOR` version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
> - `PATCH` version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes.

— <https://semver.org/>

**Note that we do not update package version numbers directly**, but instead depend on a [Conventional Commit](#conventional-commit) workflow which will version and release packages according to the content of our pull requests.

### Conventional Commit

> In order to provide versioning information to our automated release workflow, we ensure that our pull requests are structured in a way that the CI pipeline is able to infer the required version update (as well as which packages are to be released with that update) from the content of our pull requests.

Reviewer 2: This sentence was hard to parse. Can we break it up?

Reviewer: Will have a crack at this.

We enforce constraints ensuring that all pull requests will result in a merge commit to the master branch which satisfies Conventional Commit (according to the [Conventional Commit 1.0.0](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) spec), by ensuring that either the pull request's title and/or commit messages satisfy the conditions of the [release workflow outlined above](#release-workflow).

These constraints require that each pull request have a title formatted as follows:

```
<type>: <description>
```

#### Description

> The `description` should be a short (less than ~60 characters) summary of changes introduced in the release. This summary will be included in the CHANGELOG (see the [releases page](https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/releases)), along with the commit type, a link to the pull request which triggered the release, and a detailed summary of any breaking changes.

Reviewer 2: This is a good inclusion, explaining the implication of how the description is used in the CHANGELOG.

Note that since the `description` will be included in the CHANGELOG — and may be the only summary of the changes that your colleagues will encounter — it is helpful for you to include a concise summary of _how the package is different_ following the release, written in the [imperative mood](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative). For example `fix: Address accessibility bug in the Gizmo component`.

#### Type

The commit `type` is used to indicate the type (i.e. patch, minor, major in [Semantic Versioning](#semantic-versioning)) of change that was included in the release, as well as the context in which that change was made.

There are a number of possible commit types (e.g. `chore`, `docs`, `refactor` etc. — for a complete list, refer to the [Angular convention](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/22b96b9/CONTRIBUTING.md#type) docs), but two have special meaning for the purpose of versioning package releases:

- `fix` — indicates that a change addressed a bug or security concern in the published code, but otherwise had no consequence for the released package's features or API (corresponding to a PATCH version)

> - `feat` — indicates that a change added something new to the released package's API or features without affecting existing functionality (corresponding to a MINOR version)

Reviewer 2: Can we include a concrete example of `docs`? That's come up a few times and its absence here is noticed. That is, people look for how to update `docs` and it's not listed.

#### Breaking changes

If a pull request includes changes which modify existing behaviour or APIs in a way that is not backwards compatible, that change needs to be marked with a `BREAKING CHANGE: <description>` line (including a description [as above](#description)) somewhere in the commit body of the merged commit to master, in order trigger a MAJOR version update on this release.

> Since we are using a squash-and-merge strategy for our pull requests, it is therefore recommended that breaking changes be introduced in their own commits, each with a commit summary in the format `BREAKING CHANGE: <description>`, and any further information written into the commit body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we are using a squash-and-merge strategy for our pull requests, we recommend that breaking changes be introduced in their own commits, each with a commit summary in the format `BREAKING CHANGE: <description>`, and any further information written into the commit body.
```

- `fix` — indicates that a change addressed a bug or security concern in the published code, but otherwise had no consequence for the released package's features or API (corresponding to a PATCH version)

- `feat` — indicates that a change added something new to the released package's API or features without affecting existing functionality (corresponding to a MINOR version)

#### Breaking changes

In addition to `feat` and `fix` releases, if a pull request includes changes which modify existing behaviour or APIs in a way that is **not backwards compatible**, that change needs to be marked with a `BREAKING CHANGE: <description>` line (including a description [as above](#description)) somewhere in the commit body of the merged commit to master. Doing so will trigger a MAJOR version update in the corresponding release, irrespective of the commit type.

Since we are using a squash-and-merge strategy for our pull requests, we recommend that you introduce breaking changes in their own commits, each with a commit summary in the format `BREAKING CHANGE: <description>`, with any additional notes in the commit body.

> > **Note:** Pull requests for branches containing a single commit are a special case, and should contain a commit with a conventional commit message (and a matching pull request title), with any `BREAKING CHANGE` annotations included in the commit body. To avoid this edge case, you can push an additional commit to your branch!

Reviewer 3: Does the `moar` app protect against this weirdness? Or will it still let me merge even though it'll result in a squashed commit without the desired effect?

Also - is it worth mentioning that you could push an empty commit? (Can you?)

Author: You can push an empty commit... but it feels like a weird thing to bless as part of the workflow!

And yes, these constraints are all enforced by the [moai-merge](https://github.com/apps/moai-merge/) app.

Author: To be clear, the app **does not** check that `BREAKING CHANGE: ...` annotations are included as commit message summaries. But it's a good idea, and doable!
